README.md, before:

# Project Name

Tier2-Week3-WeekendChallenge-CalculatorApp

## Description

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

Additional README details can be found [here](https://github.com/PrimeAcademy/readme-template/blob/master/README.md).


Phase 0:
===

- create server file directories
    - Server Folder (server.js, and Public Folder )
    - Public Folder (index.html, vendors, scripts, styles )
    - create client.js in scripts folder
    - create styles.css in styles folder
- update index.html
    - link jquery, client.js and styles.css files
    - provide title and created header message
- validate client.js and styles.css
    - link jquery and log in browser console
    - apply style in css and validate on DOM
- update server.js file
    - REQUIRES, USES, GLOBAL VARIABLES, SPIN UP SERVER, ROUTES
- Install Node/Express server
    - npm init
    - --y for default values
    - npm install express
    - update package.json file with "start" script
        - "start" : "node server/server.js"
- Spin Up Server
    - npm start
    - validate server is up
- Git Commit


Phase 1:

===

- create layout, fields and buttons on index.html file [x]
    - add proper id's and classes where needed [x]
- create array to hold objects of calculations on server.js [x]
- create app.get function to send array of historical calculations on server.js [x]
- create getPastCalculations fucntion using $.ajax GET call to request list of calculations [x]
- display calucluations in a list on DOM [x]
- add dummy data to array on server.js to test GET call [x]

Phase 2:
===

- create setOperation funciton to capture operation and update button css [x]
- create performCalculation function to capture inputs and send in object to server via Ajax [x]
- great app.put function on server.js to:
    - perform calculation [x]
    - push calculation and answer into pastCalculations array [x]
- update the getPastCalculations [x]
- create clearData funciton to empty inputs and reset global variables [x]
- clear the inputs and reset global variables [x]
- add error handling for operations and input values [x]

Phase 3: Stretch Goals
===

- create html layout and style to create look and feel of calculator
    - table to hold buttons for numeric digits, operators and clear (and all clear?) button [x]
    - long row in table to show active calculation inputs and display answer [x]
    - long row in table to show progress of calculation [x]
    - a styled repository to show past calculations [x]
- move operation button funcitons to new calculator layout [x]
- move clear button to calculator layout [x]
- move calculate (equals) button to calculator layout [x]
- target number buttons and make them populate the display in the #entryField <td> [x]
- populate first number and then capture in numOne property of objectToSend at time of operation selection [x]
- clear #entryField when operation is selected [x]
- update 'calcAnswer' with first number when starting a new calculation[x]
- update 'calcAnswer' with operation when selected [x]
- check for past operations and only allow one if a calculation [x]
- populate second number and then capture in object as numTwo when '=' is pressed [x]

Phase 4: SUPER strech Goals
===

- clear history of calculations
    - create a button to clear history [x]
    - target element and to run clearHistory function [x]
    - create clearHistory function to make ajax DELETE call to server [x]
    - create app.delete funciton on server to clear objects in array [x]
- allow user to select and run historical calculations
     - update get past calculations to include a data-id
     - add a class to each historical calculation for targeting
     - target the dynamically created element to run 'rerunFunction' function on 'click'
     - create rerunFunction to make ajax 'GET' call that passes data-id to server
     - create app.get function that performs calculation and returns result

Commit message:

clear vs allClear now working

README.md, after:

# Project Name

Tier2-Week3-WeekendChallenge-CalculatorApp

## Description

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

Additional README details can be found [here](https://github.com/PrimeAcademy/readme-template/blob/master/README.md).


Phase 0:
===

- create server file directories
    - Server Folder (server.js, and Public Folder )
    - Public Folder (index.html, vendors, scripts, styles )
    - create client.js in scripts folder
    - create styles.css in styles folder
- update index.html
    - link jquery, client.js and styles.css files
    - provide title and created header message
- validate client.js and styles.css
    - link jquery and log in browser console
    - apply style in css and validate on DOM
- update server.js file
    - REQUIRES, USES, GLOBAL VARIABLES, SPIN UP SERVER, ROUTES
- Install Node/Express server
    - npm init
    - --y for default values
    - npm install express
    - update package.json file with "start" script
        - "start" : "node server/server.js"
- Spin Up Server
    - npm start
    - validate server is up
- Git Commit


Phase 1:

===

- create layout, fields and buttons on index.html file [x]
    - add proper id's and classes where needed [x]
- create array to hold objects of calculations on server.js [x]
- create app.get function to send array of historical calculations on server.js [x]
- create getPastCalculations fucntion using $.ajax GET call to request list of calculations [x]
- display calucluations in a list on DOM [x]
- add dummy data to array on server.js to test GET call [x]

Phase 2:
===

- create setOperation funciton to capture operation and update button css [x]
- create performCalculation function to capture inputs and send in object to server via Ajax [x]
- great app.put function on server.js to:
    - perform calculation [x]
    - push calculation and answer into pastCalculations array [x]
- update the getPastCalculations [x]
- create clearData funciton to empty inputs and reset global variables [x]
- clear the inputs and reset global variables [x]
- add error handling for operations and input values [x]

Phase 3: Stretch Goals
===

- create html layout and style to create look and feel of calculator
    - table to hold buttons for numeric digits, operators and clear (and all clear?) button [x]
    - long row in table to show active calculation inputs and display answer [x]
    - long row in table to show progress of calculation [x]
    - a styled repository to show past calculations [x]
- move operation button funcitons to new calculator layout [x]
- move clear button to calculator layout [x]
- move calculate (equals) button to calculator layout [x]
- target number buttons and make them populate the display in the #entryField <td> [x]
- populate first number and then capture in numOne property of objectToSend at time of operation selection [x]
- clear #entryField when operation is selected [x]
- update 'calcAnswer' with first number when starting a new calculation[x]
- update 'calcAnswer' with operation when selected [x]
- check for past operations and only allow one if a calculation [x]
- populate second number and then capture in object as numTwo when '=' is pressed [x]

Phase 4: SUPER strech Goals
===

- clear history of calculations
    - create a button to clear history [x]
    - target element and to run clearHistory function [x]
    - create clearHistory function to make ajax DELETE call to server [x]
    - create app.delete funciton on server to clear objects in array [x]
- allow user to select and run historical calculations
     - update get past calculations to include a data-id [x]
     - add a class to each historical calculation for targeting [x]
     - update css to change pointer on hover [x]
     - target the dynamically created element to run 'rerunFunction' function on 'click' [x]
     - create rerunFunction to make ajax 'GET' call that passes data-id to server using req.query [x]
     - create app.get function on server that grabs historical calculation, pushes to top of array and returns result [x]
- create a 'clear' vs. 'clearAll' on calculator
    - update calculator to start with an "AC" (all clear) button [x]
    - after operation is slected, set AC to C which will only remove progress of the active number [x]
    - after "C" (clear) is selected, return back to AC button and run clearData function
